all right what do you guys waiting in
line for very easy easy son and the way
the King jr. star and all that stuff is
gone wrong
bi was a lie he probably had it yeah how
are you been waiting for by the way to
sing some wednesday at four o'clock four
o'clock we're man me and this dude right
here what size are you guys well both
sides balls oh that's gonna be a fight
for 13 okay okay um well you got you
guys plan on wearing them in is that
what's going on okay all right let's go
let's go and how are you been here nine
Lindsey Lord oh good how about you 30 yo
that when a little bit easy huh you you
uh you keep an unreported
don't worry you guys that run huh where
you guys at line 113 I can't see
boy you guys will ask guys all right yes
are you going to deal with this weather
but no no they got tornado is coming we
think about great anything for kicks
anything for the easy Oh what if they
come out with the McFly colorway shame
been a mistake Oh even stay here from
all right how long you guys gonna wait
for them for these shoes
hi
where's that i'll still wears that texas
what's the cross fences what else Lexus
well who's made bag is this mr. West